# Transition to sqlite and a web application

We added support for sqlite storage of the results to enable using them in a [webapp](https://fikovnik.shinyapps.io/scala-implicit-browser/), for easier visualization.

In addition to that, some more projects were tested with the rule, and information has been gathered regarding the usual causes of failure. Some common errors/causes include:

## Fatal errors 
**(we cannot get any data from a project unless we solve these)**

- The inclusion of the plugin requires some tweaking the build files. Affects `texteaser`, among others. This is the most solvable of the issues, but it would be good to discuss whether to go for one script to import them all, or for manual tweaking.
- Unresolved dependencies. Every project is unique in its missing dependencies. For example, `lcamera` depends on the android sdk, and `s3_website` depends on `sbt-idea`. A common missing dependency was `scrooge-sbt-plugin`.
- `Missing semanticdb files`. The project compiles, but for some reason it doesn't generate the proper semanticdb files. My guess is that this is related to number 0, but we'll see.
- In an interesting mix of the previous two, `kaman` and `spire` had an unresolved dependency with `semanticdb-scalac`, a plugin imported by scalafix. 
- Unrecognized rule. Sometimes, probably due to misconfiguration, a project will not recognize the rule and will treat it as a string and not as a class. Examples include `Binding.Scala` and `scalikejdbc`


## Non-fatal errors 
**(affect one compìlation unit and all dependent ones, but we can still get data from the others)**

- `MalformedInputException`, which affects specific files in projects `elastic4s`, `ensime-server`, `gatlery` and many others. `lila` for example does not compile due to one of these errors in the `i18n` project, my guess is because the whole project includes it.
- `sbt` needs `npm` installed for some reason. We were still able to extract data, I don't think it's an important issue.
- 